add nox make session and revamp contribution docs (#707)
ansible/ansible-documentation: README.md

> Documentation for modules and plugins that are officially supported by the Ansible Core engineering team is available in the [`ansible/ansible`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) repository.

## Verifying your pull request

We welcome all contributions to Ansible community documentation.
If you plan to submit a pull request with changes, you should [verify your PR](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/documentation_contributions.html#verifying-your-documentation-pr) to ensure it conforms with style guidelines and can build successfully.

### Setting up nox

This project includes a `nox` configuration to automate tests, checks, and other functions.
You can use these automated tests to help you verify changes before you submit a PR.
You can manually
[set up your environment](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/documentation_contributions.html#setting-up-your-environment-to-build-documentation-locally)

> if you prefer, but the `nox` configuration significantly simplifies this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you prefer, but `nox` is more straightforward and gives you an isolated environment.
```

Reviewer: @gotmax23 It's fine if you ignore this comment and mark it as resolved. My only point is that I wouldn't favour "significantly simplifies" because it's a little vague. Rather I would prefer to call out specific benefits to the user.

Also "significantly" sounds a little more like an opinion here, which I would generally avoid. Just my 2c.

Author: Yeah, I realized that `significantly simplifies` is rather opinionated when I saw your feedback. My qualm was that isolated environments aren't unique to nox. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
if you prefer, but `nox` is more straightforward and create an isolated environment for you.
```

> * Install `nox` using `python3 -m pip install nox` or your distribution's package manager.

Reviewer: Should we consider mentioning brew for the MacOS users out there? `brew install nox`

Author: I'd prefer not to do that. If we added `brew install nox`, I'd want to add `dnf install nox`, and then someone would want to add `pacman -S nox`, and so on.

Reviewer: yeah, fair point. I need to get my mojo back with the reviews here...

> * Execute `nox` from the repository root with no arguments to run
>   all docs checkers, Python code checkers, and a minimal HTML docs build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run `nox` sessions from the root directory of the repository root.
  This runs all checks and generates a minimal HTML docs build.
```

* Alternatively, you can run only certain tasks as outlined in the following sections.
  Run `nox --list` to view available sessions.

### Building docs

The different Makefile targets used to build the documentation are outlined in
[Building the documentation locally](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/documentation_contributions.html#building-the-documentation-locally).

> The `nox` configuration has a `make` session to automate setting up a docs build
> environment and running the Makefile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nox` configuration has a `make` session that creates a build environment and uses the Makefile to generate HTML.
```

* Clone required parts of the `ansible/ansible` repository.

  ``` bash
  nox -s clone-core
  ```

  See [Periodically cloning Ansible core](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/documentation_contributions.html#periodically-cloning-ansible-core) for more information.

> * Run a minimal Ansible Core docs build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generate a minimal Ansible Core docs build.
```

Author: I'm not sure `generate` is the right verb here.

Reviewer: Probably not on second look. Could just say "Build minimal Ansible Core docs." but I'll leave that to you.

Author: That's definitely better. Let's do it!

```suggestion
* Build minimal Ansible Core docs.
```

  ``` bash
  nox -s make
  ```

> * Run a specific Makefile target with options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run a specific Makefile target:
```

  ``` bash
  nox -s make -- clean htmlsingle rst=community/documentation_contributions.rst
  ```

> 

Reviewer: Should we also include `nox -s make -- --relaxed`?

Author: I kind of left it undocumented on purpose, as it's mostly for testing new antsibull versions which most people don't need to concern themselves with, but I can add it back.

Reviewer: I was thinking about documenting it for ourselves but it's OK.

Use the following `nox` session to update the dependency lock files in `tests/`.

  ``` bash
  nox -e pip-compile

>   ```

Reviewer 2: I'm unclear on whether I have to update dependencies (as in this line) or if I'm in a new terminal, will running `nox` just do it all for me?

Reviewer: the default sessions (running `nox` with no arguments) are defined with here: https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/blob/2513a1d0bb09bdc226b142ff1e47723d6847c7d5/noxfile.py#L16C1-L16C58

you'd need to run `nox -e pip-compile` to update dependences.

Author: This is for updating the dependency lockfiles and is not necessary to run when you're just using nox to build docs locally.
